I don't know if you heard but we've been
impeaching the President of the United
States and at long last today the Senate
voted on our long national nightmare
just got even longer and more
nightmarish it's after three weeks of
debate and no witness is called the
republican-led Senate voted today to
acquit Donald Trump on both articles of
impeachment after the vote the president
celebrated on the roof of the Capitol
building with senators Lindsey Graham
and Mitch McConnell the traditional
Gatorade dump very sexy Minority Leader
Chuck Schumer said that from here on
Trump's presidency will always have an
asterisk next to it and Lindsey Graham
will be there to kiss that asterisk at
all the lone Republican senator who
voted guilty was Mitt Romney of Utah who
said corrupting an election to keep
oneself in office is perhaps the most
abusive and destructive violation of
one's oath of office that I can imagine
well you know give him a time he'll
whatever you're imagining I'm sure he'll
come up with something much much worse
in the next couple Romney was actually
choking back tears as he explained this
decision because well because he knows
the president's about the lord of the
space force to attack his home state of
Utah in five minutes Romney laid waste
to most every argument Trump's defenders
made he said Trump abused his power that
what he did was clearly impeachable he
said history will judge those who stand
with the president
and then he chugged a quart of milk and
crushed the empty carton on his head he
threw it to the ground he's out of
control but good for Mitt Romney
there was a yes
there was some hope that Susan Collins
of Maine would join Romney but instead
of the right thing she decided to do the
wrong thing and then of all the
silliness we've had this pleasure of
hearing this week this thought from
Susan Collins might very well take the
cake are you confident that the
president won't seek foreign assistance
again I believe that the president has
learned from this case what he's learned
is I will do whatever I want and you
will eat it is what he's learned this is
a man who declared bankruptcy six times
does that sound like someone who learns
it's not not only didn't he learned from
this when he was asked about what she
just said that he learned he told
reporters again it was a perfect call
because there's nothing to learn he
never learns the day after Robert mother
testified was the day he threatened
Ukraine and Biden tomorrow he'll
probably call China to see if he can
give Bernie the coronavirus he doesn't
work and this idea the Democrats keep
pounding that Republicans care about how
they'll be judged in the history books
if Trump gets another four years there
won't be any more history books there's
nothing to worry 50 years from now
textbooks in Florida will show Donald
Trump Jesus in the space force winning a
war against Mexican dinosaurs that's
what we have in our future the president
did weigh in on his acquittal today by
announcing that he will be making an
announcement he tweeted I will be making
a public statement tomorrow at 12:00
p.m. from the White House to discuss our
country's victory on the impeachment
hoax great at this point he he should
just go play around a golf with OJ right
I mean just
play 18 holes at OJ and just two
innocent guys out enjoying 18 holes of
golf Trump got away scot-free after
extorting another country with our
taxpayer money to help himself win an
election but Nancy Pelosi the Speaker of
the House is on the hot seat today
because she ripped up some paper last
night do you see that so this is the
most talked-about moment of the day it
happened at the end of the night with
speaker Pelosi tore up the copy of
Trump's speech now that hasn't happened
to Trump since his last divorce and I
didn't like that I didn't I think
tearing up the speech was a bad move she
should have rolled it up and spanked him
with her that's needless to say Mike
Pence was very upset by this act of
defiance against master he described it
as a new low I guess you forgot about
the time his boss invited the Taliban to
Camp David but he said it was a new low
and he wasn't alone for many on the
right this was the perfect opportunity
to be outraged over nothing she ripped
up her copy of the President's speech
and has just defended doing so one of
the most classless things ever done in
the history of the State of the Union it
was disgraceful it was disgusting Pelosi
is a major loser how petty how childish
and I think Nancy Pelosi just wanted to
steal his thunder and the fact that she
would tear a government document up and
destroy it like that in itself is is
just wrong that's policy ripping up the
stories of these Americans I wasn't sure
if she was ripping up the speech or
ripping up the Constitution when Nancy
Pelosi rips up that paper she is ripping
up those African Americans right she's
no better than the bad guys from get out
that's what
people really went nuts about this Nancy
the Ripper was trending on Twitter today
there's even talk she may be asked to
join a league of super villains the
Joker and I broke up a fresh start but
it turns out I wasn't the only daemon
got them looking for emancipation
[Music]
don't mess with me
does know how to handle the Joker the
president got rave reviews on his speech
last night from his son Eric who went on
laura ingraham show to lavish all kind
the kind of praise president daddy never
gave him the media's take away has to be
it was dark I don't know what speech he
was watching it was incredible
his uplifting he was incredible I think
my father won reelection today I really
mean that well he definitely has the
sniveling offspring vote locked up you
said she said she doesn't know what the
media was watching when they said the
speech was dark she believes it was an
uplifting speech so we boiled the speech
down and let's see it together we can
figure out why some people thought the
speech was dark tyrant brutalizes or is
sexual assaults violent assaults murders
murder in cold blood criminal alien
criminal illegal aliens illegal alien
robbery assault criminal alien gruesome
spree of deadly violence viciously shot
shot hijacked under siege destroyed
barbarians led thirsty killer dead
kidnapped tortured and slave murdered
deadly butchered monster murder kill
terminated evil territory death
destruction kill catastrophic poverty
disease hunger tyranny fascism Amelia
Earhart
he's went badly for her too the
president didn't mention climate change
even once last night's invites are like
that scientists say this is the greatest
threat to the survival of the human race
and that's great this would be like if
in the movie Armageddon
the president said there's no asteroid
coming and the rest of the movie was
just a bunch of characters arguing about
it until it smashed into the earth the
President did find time to sign some
autographs last night on his way out of
the Senate he stopped to sign a tie worn
by congressman Billy long of Missouri
signed right over the ranch dressing
stain on that time and this Billy long I
couldn't take my eyes off of this guy in
his jacket pocket he carries these phony
$45 bills with Trump's face on and last
night just take a look at him last night
because isn't he beautiful I mean look
at that that is that is like he's like a
honey baked ham with foams I mean that's
that's a guy you want a vacation with no
the results are still trickling in from
the Iowa caucus as you likely know the
vote count was delayed because of
trouble with an app that they were using
but with 86% of the precincts now and
mayor Pete and Bernie Sanders are
running neck and wrinkly neck which is
big news for mayor Pete he's in New
Hampshire now ahead of the primary there
on Tuesday where he was asked whether or
not he declared victory in Iowa too soon
what is going on it looks like he just
did three tabs of acid and walked to his
car that's the look I had on my face
when I snuck in to see Porky's the first
time if the results hold not only would
Budaj edge be the first openly gay
candidate to win a presidential caucus
he would also be the youngest he was
born in 1982 and just to put that in
perspective mayor Pete is younger than
Justin Timberlake Alicia Keys Britney
Spears Chad Michael Murray Jonathan
Taylor Thomas pac-man the CD player cell
phones and Elmo okay Pete Budaj is
younger than the Muppet your toddler
hugs at night and he loves you very much
too hey there was another happy winner
today in Kansas City they had a parade
in Kansas City to pay tribute to their
Super Bowl champion Chiefs it was quite
a gathering even some how a drunk driver
even got on the parade route
no way and then this guy got up he
climbed the tree to get a better look
and we got a better look also
unfortunately he yeah he died and then
everyone showed up police has made
hundreds of thousands of fans showed up
to see the Chiefs of course that was in
Kansas City Missouri that this was the
celebration in Kansas City Kansas or the
president makes the Chiefs play if you
like that video click subscribe and
we'll be together until one of us dies